docs-#1020: add nuxt img alt prop definition (#1628)
nuxt/image: docs/content/2.usage/1.nuxt-img.md

- Use desired width/height for static sized images like icons or avatars
- Use original image width/height for responsive images (when using [`sizes`](#sizes))

### `alt`

> This is a [native](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLImageElement/alt) global attribute that specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Nuxt Image does not apply any special handling, it's worth mentioning the `alt` attribute. It is a [native](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLImageElement/alt) global attribute that specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

It _should always_ be provided.
```
